[Edit] CSS: flexbox: flex-grow (#7301)
Codecademy/codepedia-content: content/css/concepts/flexbox/terms/flex-grow/flex-grow.md

**Return value:**

This property does not return a value. It modifies the behavior of how flex items distribute available space within their container.

## Example 1: Basic Usage of `flex-grow`

This example demonstrates the fundamental concept of `flex-grow` with three flex items having different grow factors:

The HTML code is:

```html
<div class="container">
  <div class="item item1">Item 1</div>
  <div class="item item2">Item 2</div>
  <div class="item item3">Item 3</div>
</div>
```

The CSS code is:

```css
.container {
  display: flex;
  width: 100%;
  height: 60px;
  border: 2px solid #333;
}

.item {
  background-color: #4caf50;
  color: white;
  padding: 20px;
  margin: 5px;
  text-align: center;
}

.item1 {
  flex-grow: 1;
}

.item2 {
  flex-grow: 2;
}

.item3 {
  flex-grow: 1;
}
```

The output of this code is:

![Three flex items in a horizontal container where the middle item (Item 2) is twice as wide as the other two items due to flex-grow: 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Codecademy/docs/main/media/flex-grow1.png)

> In this example, Item 2 will grow twice as much as Item 1 and Item 3 because it has a **flex-grow** value of 2, while the others have a value of 1. The available space is distributed proportionally based on these values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, Item 2 gets twice as much of the available extra space because it has a **flex-grow** value of 2, while the others have a value of 1. The available space is distributed proportionally based on these values.
```
